Data factory Diagnostic settings policy now goes into compliance (#1155)
Azure/Enterprise-Scale: docs/wiki/Whats-new.md

- Updated "**Deploy Diagnostic Settings to Azure Services**" initiative replacing deprecated policy for diagnostic settings on Storage Account
- Removed all exclusions (parameters) from the Microsoft Cloud Security Benchmark (currently Azure Security Benchmark) initiative assignment to standardize across reference architectures and align with best practice.
Impacted assignment: Deploy-ASC-Monitoring

> - Updated "**Deploy Diagnostic Settings for Data Factory to Log Analytics workspace" to now go into compliance after a remediation task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated "**Deploy Diagnostic Settings for Data Factory to Log Analytics workspace" to include new categories of: `SandboxPipelineRuns` & `SandboxActivityRuns`
```
